the choice to go to college is a total personal one. I am of the opinion
on this is my own personal opinion that having some world experience
benefits you in college. Um, and there's also one might also say
that you seeing because you got to keep in mind you will be. If you
don't go to college, you're gonna be in the enlisted ranks. One might
say that seeing the enlisted side of things prior to becoming an
officer is actually a very good experience on dhe valuable. And I think
that's true, generally speaking. But, you know, it's that is still
a very personal decision. Some people are right for college as soon
as they get out of high school. Other times, you know, they need
the world experience to gain some maturity, the maturity which is valuable
in their practicalities of that. If you're not mature and you
waste time in college, then you're gonna be we're gonna be wasting
money. But you're also just wasting time and gaining Cem otherwise good
experience that you might otherwise have gotten, so there's no really
good answer that it depends on the person. But if you're ambivalent
about going to college, then perhaps you you should, and you want
to serve the military or serve in the military. Perhaps you should
serve first, and then you can decide later to go to college and get
a degree that way. And if you want to from there and there are there
are programs to do this, you can go. The Navy can send you to college
in order to become on officer on the backside. If not, you have
the 9 11 g i bill, which can pay for your college after you after
you've served.